Introduce cluster level EvictionStrategy (#2071)
kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator: docs/cluster-configuration.md

## Workloads protection on uninstall

`UninstallStrategy` defines how to proceed on uninstall when workloads (VirtualMachines, DataVolumes) still exist:
- `BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist` will prevent the CR from being removed when workloads still exist.
BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist is the safest choice to protect your workloads from accidental data loss, so it's strongly advised.
- `RemoveWorkloads` will cause all the workloads to be cascading deleted on uninstallation.
**WARNING**: please notice that RemoveWorkloads will cause your workloads to be deleted as soon as this CR will be, even accidentally, deleted.
Please correctly consider the implications of this option before setting it.

`BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist` is the default behaviour.

## Cluster level EvictionStrategy

`UninstallStrategy` defines how to proceed on uninstall when workloads (VirtualMachines, DataVolumes) still exist:

`EvictionStrategy` defines at the cluster level if the VirtualMachineInstance should be
migrated instead of shut-off in case of a node drain. If the VirtualMachineInstance specific
field is set it overrides the cluster level one.
Possible values:

> - `EvictionStrategyNone` no eviction strategy at cluster level.
> - `EvictionStrategyLiveMigrate` migrate the VM on eviction.
> - `EvictionStrategyExternal` block eviction and notify an external controller.
> 
> `EvictionStrategyLiveMigrate` is the default behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `None` no eviction strategy at cluster level.
- `LiveMigrate` migrate the VM on eviction.
- `External` block eviction and notify an external controller.

`LiveMigrate` is the default behaviour.
```

`BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist` is the default behaviour.

## Cluster level EvictionStrategy

`UninstallStrategy` defines how to proceed on uninstall when workloads (VirtualMachines, DataVolumes) still exist:

`EvictionStrategy` defines at the cluster level if the VirtualMachineInstance should be
migrated instead of shut-off in case of a node drain. If the VirtualMachineInstance specific
field is set it overrides the cluster level one.
Possible values:

- `EvictionStrategyNone` no eviction strategy at cluster level.
- `EvictionStrategyLiveMigrate` ???

> - `EvictionStrategyExternal` ???

Reviewer: Can you please document the behaviour here?

Author: done, thank you.

## Workloads protection on uninstall

`UninstallStrategy` defines how to proceed on uninstall when workloads (VirtualMachines, DataVolumes) still exist:
- `BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist` will prevent the CR from being removed when workloads still exist.
BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist is the safest choice to protect your workloads from accidental data loss, so it's strongly advised.
- `RemoveWorkloads` will cause all the workloads to be cascading deleted on uninstallation.
**WARNING**: please notice that RemoveWorkloads will cause your workloads to be deleted as soon as this CR will be, even accidentally, deleted.
Please correctly consider the implications of this option before setting it.

`BlockUninstallIfWorkloadsExist` is the default behaviour.

## Cluster level EvictionStrategy

> `UninstallStrategy` defines how to proceed on uninstall when workloads (VirtualMachines, DataVolumes) still exist:

Reviewer 2: Is it blong here? Also, this is a duplication of line 782.

Author: Removed it.
